[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>EMERY SMITH: Hi.
I'm Emery Smith, and
I've been involved
in some undisclosed projects
with the government.
And today, I wanted to sit down
with a colleague and mentor
of mine, Randy Veitenheimer.
We'll be discussing some
interdimensional communication
that Randy and I
have encountered
over the years working together.
Thanks for joining us, Randy.
>>RANDY VEITENHEIMER:
Good morning.
Good to see you.
>>SMITH: Let's first
give a definition
of, you know, what is, you know,
interdimensional, number one?
>>VEITENHEIMER:
Interdimensional,
intradimensional,
and extradimensional.
Those are kind of
like your choices.
They're the same choices
in the cells of your body.
We have interdimensional
activity,
intradimensional
activity between cells,
then we have extra, that
which exists outside of you.
So if you apply the
same terminology,
the concept that the
reality we're cognizant of
would just represent
interdimensional.
It would not represent
intradimensional,
nor would it represent
extradimensional.
But we know those things exist
because of the experiences
that people have.
And those experiences
manifest first
as dreams or as
imagination, as creativity.
And then as we
expand on out, they
can enter into areas
that are populated,
is what I refer to
it, so that each
of the dimensional
categories can have
their own rules, their own
laws, their own existences,
their own populations, their
own deities, their own humans,
if that's what you want to
use, or their own animals,
the whole thing.
And again, this has been
referred to through mythology,
through Native
American teachings.
And that is an awareness of the
extension of reality into areas
that we may not have
scientific method to validate.
And I love that
because they might not
be able to be validated
scientifically,
but it doesn't mean
they don't exist.
>>SMITH: It might be
from another dimension,
the eighth dimension,
or whatever number you
want to put on it, but
once it comes here,
it has to fall under the three
dimensional laws and rules
of our dimension.
So you know, it has to take
that form, wouldn't you say?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
And more importantly,
it would have
to take on the laws
of our perception.
So we're not receptive
to ultraviolet
and a few other extensions
of the electromagnetic field,
but it doesn't mean there's
not existence there.
So when you see things
you can't explain,
the idea is that somehow you
have either traversed outward
or they have traversed
inward to the point
that there is a
point of contact.
And mythology-wise, they used
to call it the veil is lifted.
There's just all
these references
about where people
have knowledge
of things that don't have
physical existence as we
know it.
It doesn't mean that they don't
exist with some physicality,
because all consciousness,
once it manifests,
has some physicality to it,
even if it's just photonic.
Even if it's just an electron.
So we don't think
about electrons
or subatomic particles
having consciousness,
but it's like if they
have a reality to them,
they have consciousness, or
conscious exists within them.
So now, the same thing if
we were going to venture out
in the universe
is why wouldn't we
expect to see things that
are physical in nature,
and at the same time why
would we be blind to the fact
that it's much more
than we can perceive
with the current
level of receptors
that our physical
bodies are capable of.
>>SMITH: Right, our own senses.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>>SMITH: You know,
having just five senses,
or some people say
six or seven, you
know, with the pineal gland
and things like this, you know,
do you think that has something
to do with having these,
you know, extraperceptional,
you know, visions?
>>VEITENHEIMER: I refer to
it as an internal landscape.
And your internal landscape
can have a reference set
that includes the ability to
hear, right, or see or talk
to other species.
And I love that, all right?
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Because one of
those special forces students,
you know--
>>SMITH: Mhm.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --one of the
things I told him one day,
I said, you gotta
learn to talk to trees.
Right?
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And
he's like, what?
And so when he got
out of the military,
he went to a survival training
camp up in Washington.
And the first
thing the guy does,
a wilderness training
camp, goes you
need to learn to talk to trees.
And he goes, that's what
my teacher said, too.
So when people start
talking about talking
to extraterrestrials, there's
plenty of species here.
And communication
with them is something
that becomes something of
a fantasy to most people.
But most people
talk to their dogs,
they talk to their
plants, they talk
to all kinds of other species.
They don't have to
be otherworldly.
We would call those
interdimensional species
because they're present
available to us.
But the trick is can you
listen, because talking becomes
a form of listening.
And listening is what is missing
if you're going to communicate.
You know, one of the
things I thought about
is like let's say the aliens
showed up on Earth, right,
in physical form, right,
three-dimensional reality,
four-dimensional reality.
It's like, who are you going
to get to talk to them?
You're going to get somebody
locked into the intellect,
into this scientific mind.
They're not capable
of intuition,
and as an extension
telepathic receiving,
right, which
is just the transfer
of information
across an interface.
And the interface
becomes dimensional.
So there you go again.
And even dimensional
is a bad language.
It's better to--
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --think
about it as a sort
of like a reference point, a
contact point, an interface.
>>SMITH: That everyone
is kind of connected to.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
>>SMITH: And that's,
I think, the hub,
like you see in the
old days of the lady
with the telephones
plugging in the cables.
You know, I think that's kind
of a good way to look at this,
is that we all
have that ability,
we just have to know
what plug to plug
into to get on that frequency,
I'll say, or vibration.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>>SMITH: You know, to be
able to communicate that way.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And
that's true, and that's
why I've over the
years developed up
this theory of approximate
reality about there being
specific points of
contact, because that's
what we're talking about
is can I go and contact
that point, the point of
consciousness of a tree
or a horse, a dog.
There's a funny story, I
gave a lecture and a man
owned a racehorse, right?
And he came to me and says, can
you do anything with animals?
And I said, well, sure.
Right?
So I go to the
racehorse stables,
and I'm walking along with him.
And when we got to the horse,
she's a young two-year-old,
and she was not run.
She's too skittish, and
this, that, and the other.
She had problems.
So I stand there, and the
horse is over in the corner.
And I go, in my mind, come
over here and talk to me.
And she turns around and
comes over and puts her head
against my chest.
And the owner looks at me
and I go, what's wrong?
They speak English.
Right?
So it's not the
speaking of the English,
it's being able to
communicate silently.
Right?
So silent meditation is
how Tibet, Native America,
there's all-- and you
know, now it's very extant,
but you know, 40 years ago,
you were thought pretty crazy
if you talked to your
animals, and let alone
if you want to have a
conversation with somebody
from, you know, Sirius
or some other place
in the star systems, right?
>>SMITH: Correct.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And of course,
then dimensional communication
is actually non-dimensional.
There's no distance.
There's no time,
there's no space.
And so that gets into
translational physics.
And so that your thoughts can--
if you think about
Mars, you actually
have thoughts that you
have contact with Mars.
We don't think this
way, but we know
it happens when you think
about somebody that's a friend,
and then you have a
thought about them
and then they call you.
That's the same communication
module, the same communication
method that would occur
with pick 100 people that
have some sort of sensitivity
to that and put them out there.
Get rid of the scientists,
get rid of the politicians
there and go, let's
have a conversation.
Because there's a starting
point, and that starting point
is neutrality.
We're taught positive
and negative.
Nobody ever teach you neutral.
It's like, what do
you think of the war,
or what do you think
of this person?
I don't, meaning I don't expend
any energy in that direction,
therefore saving it for myself.
But from that point of
neutrality, you can listen.
And that's one of the keys that
I teach when I teach people,
is one of the first lessons,
you need to learn to listen.
Right?
And that listening
is not through sound,
it is listening
through energy, it's
listening through consciousness.
And back to the
horse, I basically
asked the horse what was wrong.
And she said that she
was afraid of the dark.
So I turned to the
owner and told him, just
leave a light on.
He left a light on, no
more afraid of the dark,
ran races, great deal.
How do you come up with
that through science?
You can't do it.
You see what I mean?
Nobody is going to
walk up to the horse
and go, oh, you're
afraid of the dark, huh?
Right?
But that's communication.
And so communication can occur
at all levels with all species.
It occurs with plants.
Marcel Vogel, who I studied
way back in early '70s,
he was involved with
"Secret Life of Plants."
And there's a whole
bunch of species
of plants you can communicate.
And they demonstrated
that scientifically,
but people ignore
"Secret Life of Plants"
was actually the beginning of
electromagnetic interactions
and conscious
interactions with plants.
And it has evolved from there.
It's just that it has fallen
out of the mainstream science
because they don't
understand it,
they can't calibrate
it, they can't
find some way to
make it scientific,
because it's beyond that.
And that's what you
find about all conscious
throughout the
universe, is it's going
to be beyond whatever
level of science
that wants to deal with it
in an intellectual manner,
because the intellect is
incapable of dealing with it.
>>SMITH: What would I say
to someone that has never
had an ET experience their
entire lives, and all
of a sudden something
happens and now they're
like, well, what do I do,
and why did they pick me?
>>VEITENHEIMER: The
easiest way to look at it
is we tend to frame things in
reference to known quantities.
So if you have an ET
experience, you're
going to reframe it in the
same order of reference
as, say, a nightmare, or
as a dream, a nice dream.
I mean, it can go to
either polarity, right?
It's something
horrific or something
that was very pleasant for you.
And the thing about that is
the why is somebody chosen
or why did it happen
to me literally
becomes what's called
an affinity bond.
Like, you already
have an openness
to that type of knowledge.
You already have an openness
to that type of person.
Or we could equate it to
all your relationships.
And of course, now we're in
the physical relationships,
but now let's go to mental
or emotional relationships.
Well, let's keep on going.
Why wouldn't I have
relationships with that
which we call psychic
or which we call astral
or which we call
interdimensional or
intradimensional?
We're back into all that.
Because all those
areas are populated,
and again, there's
historical reference.
There's the way the
Native Americans
relate to those beings
that are non-physical.
The entire hierarchy of their
mythology, we would call it--
it's not mythology to them,
it's a reality to them--
and then you have people
like Castaneda referred to it
as there's ways to access it.
And that's for people that
are actively seeking it out.
So one of the things
on those interactions
is you were convenient.
You were accessible.
And you know, science
doesn't like that.
They want to have some
ration and reason to
how this and that
and this and that.
And it gets more into a
quantum potentiality, right?
>>SMITH: Is lineage
involved with that at all?
>>VEITENHEIMER: It can be.
>>SMITH: Genetic DNA lineage.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
Well, it would fall
on the category of
epigenetic changes
that occur through
traumatic acts.
So now we have that.
That was just in
the last few years
they come up with epigenetic
changes in the human genome.
But then if you look at
it as conditioned space,
now that's a whole
different deal.
But it actually
is the same deal.
So conditioned space, by your
thoughts, by your openness,
it's kind of like how many
different paths are there
to get to the point
of an ET interaction.
Well, consciously you
could say I'm open to it,
and then subconsciously you
and non-consciously
I'm open to it,
and then eventually you
could say Emery did it to me.
>>SMITH: Right,
that's the other part.
That'd be a nice thing
to talk about too,
is could there be some
negativity out there that we
may have to interact with
or might bring back with us
or that might be an
attachment of some sort.
>>VEITENHEIMER: I think Harvard
University did a study probably
six or seven years ago now.
And in the study, they found
out that, when you dream,
you take your senses with you.
So your sensory
input is non-local.
That's the easy way to put it.
So when you dream state, if
you're dreaming and I sit
there poke on you, and it takes
a while for you to get back.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>VEITENHEIMER:
Well, non-local would
be, if it's non-local,
where are you?
You're not in the body, right?
>>SMITH: You're everywhere.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
In a dream state.
And then now let's
go to daydreaming.
Ah.
Then it's like I poke on you
and I go, where were you?
And you go, well, I
was somewhere else.
And that's where I started
that proximate reality theory,
because I wanted to
know where that was.
I wanted to know where that
was, where that information is,
or where you went, and
can I get there too.
And that becomes non-local
to this reality reference,
planet Earth.
But it doesn't mean
it doesn't have
existence or reference in some
other portion of the spectrum.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right?
Or the continuum, whichever
language you want to use.
So there are things out there.
We take our senses
with you when we dream.
We take them when we're
non-conscious, unconscious,
hungover, right?
All drugs states are
non-conscious states,
meaning they're
non-conscious, non-local.
But it doesn't mean
you've not traveled out
into the realm of pink
elephants and flying snakes
and I'm Napoleon.
And because all those are
true for where they are.
And that was one of
the things I learned,
I started work at the mental
hospital to pay for my way
through school.
And we had the DT,
delirious tremors ward.
And I would go in
there, and these people
would relate to me all
their thinking, all
their experiences.
And after about
six months, I go,
these people are
telling the truth.
They are telling the absolute
truth of their experience.
There is validity
in their dreams.
There's validity in
their ET experience,
because they experienced
it with their senses.
But when you try
to bring that back
into this reality,
first of all, you're
going to get disapproval,
disbelief, and dis, dis, dis
everything else.
Right?
As opposed to someone saying,
well, let's take a look at it.
Let's examine where you went.
Let's examine what
your interactions were.
And not from a
psychiatric standpoint.
That's all talk therapy.
That doesn't do it.
Right?
This is for one of exploration.
So now we're exploring
the universe properly.
We're exploring it
with consciousness,
and we're exploring
it with I don't even
know what to call them, those
people that have gone before us
that manage to get drunk or
drugged out or did something
and found some area of knowledge
or some area of interest
or other populations
or entities or beings,
and were able to
interact with them.
And I think that would
be a matter of curiosity.
And I think that's
something that instead gets,
aw, it was anecdotal.
Aw, it wasn't true.
Yes, it was true.
If you had the
experience, it is true.
>>SMITH: And that would be
a great thing for, I think,
the world to look at as getting
a group of qualified people
together to explore
that part of the mind
and that part of that
consciousness before, you know,
electrocuting someone or
chopping their heads off.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right,
or lobotomize or--
>>SMITH: Right, like
they used to do.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --yeah.
Well, I mean, they
still do a form of it.
They disenfranchise you.
They call you a kook.
They use all the
language because they
can't understand it.
That's all.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: They
don't have the experience.
They can't relate to it.
And they can't repeat it.
But you know, everybody that--
I won't name
brands, but we could
say that everybody drinks
a certain brand of beer
ends up in the same place.
And the same thing if they
drink a certain brand of liquor.
Won't get into, but
they're repeatable travel
to a specific space
in the continuum.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And to me,
that can be deciphered,
it can be delineated,
it can be calibrated.
There's all kinds of
information there.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
And historically,
especially around the
turn of the century,
we started eliminating all
that, and any reference to it
or anybody that would
participate in it.
And I think what we did was
kind of lobotomize ourself.
We made it where
it's not possible.
And so we think that all
communication with anybody
from ET to other
species has to be done
through some electronic means.
And it's just not true.
People talk to their dogs.
People talk to their plants.
People talk to trees.
Trees talk to each other.
That was a recent study just
came out in the last few weeks,
and where they're
finding communication.
And all they're
doing is building
on "Secret Life of Plants."
So we look at "Secret
Life of Plants"
and go, that was 45 years ago.
That was 50 years ago.
And we've made no advancement,
but we can say we have rockets.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: So.
>>SMITH: Recently, there was a
posting of twin brothers that
were-- one was an astronaut,
I think, one wasn't.
One spent so many days
in space and came back.
They looked at their DNA,
and it was different.
The question I would
have to ask is how
is that happening genetically?
>>VEITENHEIMER: The
thing about the twins
is every individual,
consciousness,
spirit, whatever
you want to call it,
is transformative once it
goes into physical form.
I've worked with twins, and
you can take identical DNA,
but the deviations
start occurring because
of the presence of
the consciousness
of the spirit that inhabits
that physical form.
So you have identical DNA
that's being transformed
not from outside, like we want
to go, oh, it's environment.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And
that way, we can totally
know the presence of
consciousness or presence
of the soul or spirit
within the body that might
be exerting those changes.
And the exertion is applied
through an energetic level
of information transfer,
epigenetic change,
reprogramming the DNA that goes
on all the time, the genes,
because all they
are is templates.
Genes are just templates.
It's the energy flowing through
them that makes them expressed.
So if you think about that,
then your consciousness alone,
your thoughts alone are
causing your body to change.
And of course, that's
what we find out
when we look at illnesses,
is like what kind of person
has that illness.
Right?
What kind of person
has come to a point
in their own
consciousness where it's
possible to have that illness.
Now, where it's step one or
two, what kind of consciousness
is possible or necessary for you
to extend on out to the point
you could communicate.
All communication is
just energy slowed down.
Energy slowed down
becomes communication.
It becomes information.
And that's what we have.
We have I and E,
only it's E and I.
We have energy in the
form of slowed down
energy becomes information,
and that's what we process.
But at an energetic
level, we're still
capable of processing
that information.
And we do it non-consciously.
And here we go into non-locally,
meaning within the body,
and within the field that
surrounds us, and then
the entire field of the
Earth and the universe,
because one of the things
that we don't talk about
is like what's the
energetic consciousness
or state of consciousness of the
space we're traveling through.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
Now, if you think
about that as your
house or your job
or where you travel up and
down the street, that's one.
But what about if
we expand it on out?
What kind of energetic cloud is
our planet traveling through?
>>SMITH: All different
trajectories.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes, because
the trajectories go crazy.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And we call
that infinite potential then.
So you do have that
infinite potential,
but you can't manifest it if you
don't have enough energy to it.
Kind of like buying a car.
So.
>>SMITH: Randy, where do you
think human communication is
going in the future?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Aha.
I've actually thought
about that a little bit.
One of the things
about the imagination
is that imagination plus a
little bit of energy and effort
becomes reality.
OK?
And if you look at our
level of communication
throughout history, it
evolved from, let's say,
signaling, grunting, this,
that, and the other--
>>SMITH: Smoke signals.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --right,
into emojis, right?
And hieroglyphics, same thing.
But what makes you think it
wouldn't become nonverbal?
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: So if
you look at it that way--
and this ties into the book
called "Childhood's End."
The storyline itself
evolves humanity
to a point of constant
contact with everybody
in the same consciousness field.
So we look at that, and
then you go see a movie,
say like "Predator 3."
So "Predator 3" has a child
with autistic spectrum in it.
What's interesting is
"Childhood's End" actually
has the same information,
written in 1948 or something,
about some sort of
level of interaction
that didn't require the verbal.
And so if you take those
two, and "Predator 3"
they said that that
young man in there
had evolved to a higher
level of existence.
Now, with autistic children
that I've worked with,
it's very interesting.
Most humans have about
30 inputs or less.
Think about it as
radio channels.
>>SMITH: Sure.
>>VEITENHEIMER: They can tune
into about 30 different forms
of input.
And that can range
from temperature
to voice or visuals or whatever.
But one of the things
I first noticed
on a highly kinetic
autistic child I worked on
is through working
on him found out
he was working on
about 5,000 inputs.
And it's like, why
wouldn't you be crazy?
Why wouldn't you be kinetic?
Why wouldn't you be anything?
And the ability
to shut that down
to some normal
level, whatever that
is, all the kinetic
activity went away,
and actually he was able to
communicate with his mother
and stuff, and hadn't been
for the first 12 years.
And I've seen that repeated
with other children.
>>SMITH: Wow.
>>VEITENHEIMER: So
the question becomes,
is autism or
autistic spectrum, is
that some form of advancement?
It's a horrible thing for
the people, and particularly
the parents.
And I have an opinion
about our inability
to address that or fix that.
But in the meantime,
it does provide
a window that says that we
are not limited to 30 inputs.
We're not limited.
And not only that, if there's
5,000 inputs in that child,
what are they connected to?
And that becomes the future.
>>SMITH: What a great show.
Thanks, Randy, for
coming on board.
Love talking about
this ET communication.
The people really needed to
understand how that works.
Thanks for joining me.
I'm your host, Emery Smith.
And until next
time, stay vigilant.
[MUSIC PLAYING]